.TH GF2-MORSE 1
.SH NAME
gf2-morse \- signal message via GF2 Function Generator using Morse code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gf2-morse
.I MESSAGE
.RI [ SERIALNUMBER ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gf2-morse
utilizes the function generator to signal the message given in the argument.
By using this additional command, it is possible to signal a message in
audio-frequency, or even in radio-frequency CW mode. However, mind that the
frequency is limited by the capability of the function generator itself. With
a properly matched antenna, it is possible to perform tests in the 80m, 60m
and 40m bands, or even in the 30m, 20m, 17m and 15m bands with degraded
performance.

Note that the frequency and amplitude should be previously set to its chosen
values. In any case, the function generator must be running and with its DAC
disabled. You can invoke
.B gf2-start
and/or
.B gf2-dacoff
if needed. If all conditions are met, the message will be signaled character
by character, and the characters being signaled will be progressively
displayed. Any non-standard characters will be ignored.

Specifying a serial number is optional.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B gf2-morse 'Hello, World!'
Signal the "HELLO, WORLD!" message in Morse code at the set frequency and
amplitude.
.TP
.B gf2-morse Hello,\e World!
Equivalent to the previous command line.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Exits with a status of zero in case of success. Returns one should an error
occur, or two in case of bad input.
.SH AUTHOR
Samuel Lourenço (samuel.fmlourenco@gmail.com).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
gf2-amp(1), gf2-amp50(1), gf2-clear(1), gf2-clkoff(1), gf2-clkon(1),
gf2-dacoff(1), gf2-dacon(1), gf2-freq(1), gf2-freq0(1), gf2-freq1(1),
gf2-info(1), gf2-list(1), gf2-lockotp(1), gf2-phase(1), gf2-phase0(1),
gf2-phase1(1), gf2-reset(1), gf2-selfreq0(1), gf2-selfreq1(1),
gf2-selphase0(1), gf2-selphase1(1), gf2-sine(1), gf2-start(1), gf2-status(1),
gf2-stop(1), gf2-tri(1)
